Next release/dev (#7315)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-ui/formbuilder/special-inputs/index.mdx

Then go into the generated form JSX file you want to use the StorageManager, for example: **ui-components/TodoCreateForm.jsx**. If your attribute is an array of strings, look for an `<ArrayField>` with `items={images}` (if your attribute name is "images"). Remove that entire component and replace it with the StorageManager component like this:

```jsx title="ui-components/TodoCreateForm.jsx"
// imports
import { StorageManager } from "@aws-amplify/ui-react-storage";
// import the processFile helper function which will create unique filenames based on the file contents
import { processFile } from "./utils";

//...
<StorageManager
  accessLevel="public"
  maxFileCount={10}
  acceptedFileTypes={['image/*']}
  processFile={processFile}
  onUploadSuccess={({key}) => {
    // assuming you have an attribute called 'images' on your data model that is an array of strings
    setImages(prevImages => [...prevImages, key])
  }}
  onFileRemove={({key}) => {
    setImages(prevImages => prevImages.filter(img => img !== key))
  }}
/>
```

> If you want your data model to have only 1 image and not an array of images look for the `<TextField>` component with `value={image}` and replace it with the StorageManager component like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want your data model to have only one image instead of an array of images, look for the `<TextField>` component with `value={image}` and replace it with the StorageManager component like this:

```
